Improving policy generator doc and tips to manage ArgoCD (#4673)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/policy_gen_install_operator.adoc

                kind: Subscription
                metadata:
                  name: openshift-gitops-operator
                  namespace: openshift-operators
                spec:
                  channel: stable
                  name: openshift-gitops-operator
                  source: redhat-operators
                  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
          remediationAction: enforce
          severity: low
----

Generated policies from manifests in the {ocp-short} documentation is supported. Any configuration guidance from the {ocp-short} documentation can be applied using the Policy Generator.

[#policy-gen-install-compliance-operator]
== Generating a policy that installs the Compliance Operator

For an operator that uses the _namespaced_ installation mode, such as the Compliance Operator, an `OperatorGroup` manifest is also required. 

Create a YAML file with a `Namespace`, a `Subscription`, and an `OperatorGroup` manifest called `compliance-operator.yaml`. The following example installs these manifests in the `compliance-operator` namespace:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: openshift-compliance

> ---
> apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
> kind: Subscription
> metadata:
>   name: compliance-operator
>   namespace: openshift-compliance
> spec:
>   channel: release-0.1
>   name: compliance-operator
>   source: redhat-operators
>   sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
> ---
> apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
> kind: OperatorGroup
> metadata:
>   name: compliance-operator
>   namespace: openshift-compliance
> spec:
>   targetNamespaces:
>     - compliance-operator
> ----

Reviewer: Please swap `Subscription` and `OperatorGroup` here. (Then it'll align with my new section.)
```suggestion
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: compliance-operator
  namespace: openshift-compliance
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
    - compliance-operator
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: compliance-operator
  namespace: openshift-compliance
spec:
  channel: release-0.1
  name: compliance-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----
```

        spec:
          object-templates:
            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: v1
                kind: Namespace
                metadata:
                  name: openshift-compliance
            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
                kind: Subscription
                metadata:
                  name: compliance-operator
                  namespace: openshift-compliance
                spec:
                  channel: release-0.1
                  name: compliance-operator
                  source: redhat-operators
                  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
                kind: OperatorGroup
                metadata:
                  name: compliance-operator
                  namespace: openshift-compliance
                spec:
                  targetNamespaces:
                    - compliance-operator
          remediationAction: enforce
          severity: low

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----

[#using-policy-dependencies-with-operatorgroups]
== Using policy dependencies with `OperatorGroups`

When installing an operator with an `OperatorGroup` manifest, the `OperatorGroup` must exist on the cluster before the `Subscription` is created. In this case, you can use the policy dependency feature along with the Policy Generator to ensure that the `OperatorGroup` policy is compliant prior to enforcing the `Subscription` policy.

To set up dependencies, place the manifests in the order in which they should be created. For example, the namespace first, followed by the `OperatorGroup`, followed by the `Subscription`. Then, in the Policy Generator manifest, set `orderManifests: true` and `consolidateManifests: false` either under `policyDefaults` or under the policy in the `policies` array to automatically set up dependencies between the manifests so that each will be handled in the order provided.
```

Author: updated

                  source: redhat-operators
                  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
                kind: OperatorGroup
                metadata:
                  name: compliance-operator
                  namespace: openshift-compliance
                spec:
                  targetNamespaces:
                    - compliance-operator
          remediationAction: enforce
          severity: low
----

[#using-policy-dependencies-with-operatorgroups]
== Using policy dependencies with _OperatorGroups_

When you install an operator with an `OperatorGroup` manifest, the `OperatorGroup` must exist on the cluster before the `Subscription` is created. Use the policy dependency feature along with the Policy Generator to ensure that the `OperatorGroup` policy is compliant prior to enforcing the `Subscription` policy.

Set up policy dependencies by listing the manifests in the order that you want. For example, you might want to create the namespace policy first, create the `OperatorGroup` next, and create the `Subscription` last. 

> Enable the `orderManifests` parameter and disable `consolidateManifests` in the Policy Generator configuration manifest to automatically set up dependencies between the manifests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable the `policyDefaults.orderManifests` parameter and disable `policyDefaults.consolidateManifests` in the Policy Generator configuration manifest to automatically set up dependencies between the manifests.
```

> Enable the `orderManifests` parameter and disable `consolidateManifests` to automatically set up dependencies between the maniifests. Update the parameter values in the Policy Generator manifest to `orderManifests: true` and `consolidateManifests: false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the Policy Generator configuration manifest, enable the `policyDefaults.orderManifests` parameter and disable `policyDefaults.consolidateManifests` to automatically set up dependencies between the manifests.
```

Author: updated

* See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/cicd/gitops/understanding-openshift-gitops.html[Understanding OpenShift GitOps] and the link:https://cloud.redhat.com/learn/topics/operators[Operator] documentation for more details.
* See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-installing-operator-from-operatorhub-using-cli_olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[Adding Operators to a cluster - Installing from OperatorHub using the CLI] 
* See the link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-understanding.html[Compliance Operator documentation] for more details. 
* See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-installing-operators-from-operatorhub_olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[_all namespaces_ installation mode].
* See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-installing-operators-from-operatorhub_olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[_namespaced_ installation mode].

> * See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/nodes/containers/nodes-containers-init.html[Using Init Containers to perform tasks before a pod is deployed].

Reviewer 2: Should this be updated to 4.12?

Author: Updated ! Thanks !

Create a YAML file with a `Namespace`, a `Subscription`, and an `OperatorGroup` manifest called `compliance-operator.yaml`. The following example installs these manifests in the `compliance-operator` namespace:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: openshift-compliance
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: compliance-operator
  namespace: openshift-compliance
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
    - compliance-operator
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: compliance-operator
  namespace: openshift-compliance
spec:
  channel: release-0.1
  name: compliance-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----

A `PolicyGenerator` configuration file is required. View the following `PolicyGenerator` policy example that installs the Compliance Operator on all {ocp-short} managed clusters:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: PolicyGenerator
metadata:
  name: install-compliance-operator
policyDefaults:
  namespace: policies

>   orderManifests: true

Reviewer: Now that we have the new section (Thanks!), let's take this back out.
```suggestion
```

[#policy-gen-install-operator]
= Generating a policy to install an Operator

A common use of {product-title-short} policies is to install an Operator on one or more managed {ocp} clusters. Continue reading to learn how to generate policies using the policy generator, and to install the OpenShift GitOps Operator with a generated policy:

* <<policy-install-ocp-gitops,Generating a policy that installs the OpenShift GitOps>>
* <<policy-gen-install-compliance-operator,Generating a policy that installs the Compliance Operator>>
* <<policy-gen-install-on-openshift-gitops,Generating a policy that installs the Policy Generator on OpenShift GitOps (ArgoCD)>>
* <<related-resource-grc-gitops,Related resources>>

[#policy-install-ocp-gitops]

> == Generating a policy that installs the OpenShift GitOps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Generating a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps
```

> Generate a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps by using the policy generator. The OpenShift GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:

Reviewer 2: I don't think it should be a command but rather a suggestion that it's possible.
```suggestion
You may generate a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps by using the policy generator. The OpenShift GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:
```

Author: made update according the writing style guide

> Generate a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps by using the policy generator. The OpenShift GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generate a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps by using the policy generator. The OpenShift GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode, which will be used in the example. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:
```

Author: Updated according to the style guide

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: openshift-gitops-operator
  namespace: openshift-operators
spec:
  channel: stable
  name: openshift-gitops-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----

To pin to a specific version of the operator, add the following parameter and value: `spec.startingCSV: openshift-gitops-operator.v<version>`. Replace `<version>` with your preferred version.

> A `PolicyGenerator` configuration file is required. Use the following policy to install OpenShift GitOps on all {ocp-short} managed clusters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `PolicyGenerator` configuration file is required. Use the following configuration file named `policy-generator-config.yaml` to generate a policy to install OpenShift GitOps on all {ocp-short} managed clusters:
```

Author: updated according to style guide

Create a YAML file with a `Namespace`, a `Subscription`, and an `OperatorGroup` manifest called `compliance-operator.yaml`. The following example installs these manifests in the `compliance-operator` namespace:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: openshift-compliance
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: compliance-operator
  namespace: openshift-compliance
spec:
  channel: release-0.1
  name: compliance-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: compliance-operator
  namespace: openshift-compliance
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
    - compliance-operator
----

A `PolicyGenerator` configuration file is required. View the following `PolicyGenerator` policy example that installs the Compliance Operator on all {ocp-short} managed clusters:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: PolicyGenerator
metadata:
  name: install-compliance-operator

> policyDefaults:
>   namespace: policies

Reviewer: @mprahl I've been wondering. Should we recommend setting `policyDefaults.orderManifests` here so that the Subscription is guaranteed to be deployed before the OperatorGroup?

```suggestion
policyDefaults:
  namespace: policies
  orderManifests: true
```

Reviewer: @dockerymick I have a followup to this. We need to remove `orderManifests` from here since it could actually not work at all if the Subscription is deployed before the OperatorGroup (which is how this policy is set up right now). I'll add another suggestion in a bit.

            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: v1
                kind: Namespace
                metadata:
                  name: openshift-compliance
            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
                kind: Subscription
                metadata:
                  name: compliance-operator
                  namespace: openshift-compliance
                spec:
                  channel: release-0.1
                  name: compliance-operator
                  source: redhat-operators
                  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
                kind: OperatorGroup
                metadata:
                  name: compliance-operator
                  namespace: openshift-compliance
                spec:
                  targetNamespaces:
                    - compliance-operator
          remediationAction: enforce
          severity: low
----

[#policy-gen-install-on-openshift-gitops]

> == Generating a policy that installs the Policy Generator on OpenShift GitOps (ArgoCD)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Integrating the Policy Generator with OpenShift GitOps (ArgoCD)
```

> == Integrating the Policy Generator with OpenShift GitOps (ArgoCD)

Reviewer: This section feels like it belongs under `manage_policy_def.adoc` rather than under the Operator installs.

Author: @dhaiducek updated

[#policy-gen-install-operator]
= Generating a policy to install an Operator

> A common use of {product-title-short} policies is to install an Operator on one or more managed {ocp} clusters. Continue reading to learn how to generate policies using the policy generator, and to install OpenShift GitOps Operator:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A common use of {product-title-short} policies is to install an Operator on one or more managed {ocp} clusters. Continue reading to learn how to generate policies using the policy generator, and to install the OpenShift GitOps Operator with a generated policy:
```

* <<policy-install-ocp-gitops,Generating a policy that installs the OpenShift GitOps>>
* <<policy-gen-install-compliance-operator,Generating a policy that installs the Compliance Operator>>
* <<policy-gen-install-on-openshift-gitops,Generating a policy that installs the Policy Generator on OpenShift GitOps (ArgoCD)>>

> - <<manage-policy-definitions,Managing policy definitions with OpenShift GitOps (Argo CD)>>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- <<manage-policy-definitions,Managing policy definitions with OpenShift GitOps (ArgoCD)>>
```

[#policy-gen-install-operator]
= Generating a policy to install an Operator

> A common use of {product-title-short} policies is to install an Operator on one or more managed OpenShift clusters. Continue reading to learn how to install Operators with OpenShift GitOps installation modes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A common use of {product-title-short} policies is to install an Operator on one or more managed {ocp} clusters. Continue reading to learn how to install Operators with OpenShift GitOps installation modes:
```

Author: Updating to read as the following: "A common use of {product-title-short} policies is to install an Operator on one or more {ocp} managed clusters.

> A common use of {product-title-short} policies is to install an Operator on one or more managed OpenShift clusters. Continue reading to learn how to install Operators with OpenShift GitOps installation modes:

Reviewer 2: I don't think "install Operators with OpenShift GitOps installation modes" is quite right.

The documentation below is showing how to generate policies using the Policy Generator and the example does show how to install the OpenShift GitOps operator, but it's not being deployed by OpenShift GitOps.

Author: Updated

* <<policy-install-ocp-gitops,Installing OpenShift GitOps using a policy>>
* <<policy-gen-install-compliance-operator,Installing the Compliance Operator using a policy>>
* <<policy-gen-install-on-openshift-gitops,Installing the policy generator on OpenShift GitOps (ArgoCD)>>

> - <<manage-policy-definitions,Managing policy definitions with OpenShift GitOps (Argo CD)>>

Author: @mprahl new section added here, changes are also related to improving the flow of the Policy generator doc

* <<related-resource-grc-gitops,Related resources>>

[#policy-install-ocp-gitops]

> == Installing OpenShift GitOps using a policy

Reviewer 2: The documentation is about generating a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps and not about installing OpenShift GitOps.

Author: Updated

> Apply a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps using the policy generator. The OpenShift GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Apply a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps by using the policy generator. The OpenShift GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:
```

> Apply a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps using the policy generator. The OpenShift GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example below uses the Policy Generator to generate a policy that installs OpenShift GitOps. The OpenShift GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode, which the example below uses. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:
```

Author: Updated

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: openshift-gitops-operator
  namespace: openshift-operators
spec:
  channel: stable
  name: openshift-gitops-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----

To pin to a specific version of the operator, add the following parameter and value: `spec.startingCSV: openshift-gitops-operator.v<version>`. Replace `<version>` with your preferred version.

> A policy generator configuration file called `policy-generator-config.yaml` is required. Use the following policy to install OpenShift GitOps on all OpenShift managed clusters:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A policy generator configuration file called `policy-generator-config.yaml` is required. Use the following policy to install OpenShift GitOps on all {ocp-short} managed clusters:
```

> A policy generator configuration file called `policy-generator-config.yaml` is required. Use the following policy to install OpenShift GitOps on all OpenShift managed clusters:

Reviewer 2: I think the Policy Generator should be capitalized as such since we refer to it as "the Policy Generator" and not "a policy generator".

Author: @mprahl thanks, Your suggestion seems valid from my viewpoint. I took a look at the [IBM Style Guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-capitalization#headings-titles-and-banners) for more clarity, but i'm still not sure. Pulling in @oafischer @swopebe for their opinion

Reviewer 4: If we are referring to it as a proper noun: Title case
If general, not title case

Like applications and Applications...if it can be both, we just need to pick and be consistent. Is this a concept that can be general or an actual title? If policy generator is the name of something exclusively titled as such, then capitalize.

Reviewer 3: I agree consistency is important, you can also check if we already do it a certain way in the docs and just follow that.

Author: In the previous release i used lower case

Reviewer 2: We can stick with lowercase, but title case would be better since it's a proper noun.

Author: Sounds good, I updated it

> A policy generator configuration file called `policy-generator-config.yaml` is required. Use the following policy to install OpenShift GitOps on all OpenShift managed clusters:

Reviewer 2: The explicit file name is not required, but the contents of the file or similar are required.

Author: Updated

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: PolicyGenerator
metadata:
  name: install-openshift-gitops
policyDefaults:
  namespace: policies
  placement:
    clusterSelectors:
      vendor: "OpenShift"
  remediationAction: enforce
policies:
  - name: install-openshift-gitops
    manifests:
      - path: openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml
----

> The last file that is required is the `kustomization.yaml` file. The `kustomization.yaml` file requires the following configuration:

Reviewer 3: Can probably shorten this to "The last required filed is..., which requires the following configuration:" or similar

Author: Updated

---
apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: Policy
metadata:
  annotations:
    policy.open-cluster-management.io/categories: CM Configuration Management
    policy.open-cluster-management.io/controls: CM-2 Baseline Configuration
    policy.open-cluster-management.io/standards: NIST SP 800-53
  name: install-openshift-gitops
  namespace: policies
spec:
  disabled: false
  policy-templates:
    - objectDefinition:
        apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
        kind: ConfigurationPolicy
        metadata:
          name: install-openshift-gitops
        spec:
          object-templates:
            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
                kind: Subscription
                metadata:
                  name: openshift-gitops-operator
                  namespace: openshift-operators
                spec:
                  channel: stable
                  name: openshift-gitops-operator
                  source: redhat-operators
                  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
          remediationAction: enforce
          severity: low
----

> {ocp-short} supports all generated policies.

Reviewer 2: I'm not quite following what this support statement means. Could you please elaborate?

Author: I was working on making the previous statement concise. Here is the doc from 2.6:
![Screen Shot 2023-02-03 at 2 49 39 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60616885/216694768-1d422b19-0e24-4e56-aa41-138b943cdbd1.png)

Author: @mprahl We can also remove the statement

Reviewer 2: @dockerymick the statement is to indicate that generated policies from manifests in the OpenShift documentation is supported. The key is that any configuration advice in the OpenShift documentation can be applied using a policy generated using the Policy Generator.

Author: updated

[#policy-gen-install-compliance-operator]

> == Installing the Compliance Operator using a policy

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Installing the Compliance Operator by using a policy
```

Author: Updated in the file

> == Installing the Compliance Operator using a policy

Reviewer 2: Same as above. This isn't about installing the Compliance operator, it's about using the Policy Generator to generate a policy that installs the Compliance operator.

Author: updated

For an operator that uses the _namespaced_ installation mode, such as the Compliance Operator, an `OperatorGroup` manifest is also required. 

Create a YAML file with a `Namespace`, a `Subscription`, and an `OperatorGroup` manifest called `compliance-operator.yaml`. The following example installs these manifests in the `compliance-operator` namespace:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: openshift-compliance
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: compliance-operator
  namespace: openshift-compliance
spec:
  channel: release-0.1
  name: compliance-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: compliance-operator
  namespace: openshift-compliance
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
    - compliance-operator
----

> A policy generator configuration file called `policy-generator-config.yaml` is also required. View the following `PolicyGenerator` policy example that installs the Compliance Operator on all OpenShift managed clusters:

Reviewer 2: Again, the name isn't required, but the contents are required. I would reword that to emphasize the file contents.

Author: Updated

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: PolicyGenerator
metadata:
  name: install-compliance-operator
policyDefaults:
  namespace: policies
  placement:
    clusterSelectors:
      vendor: "OpenShift"
  remediationAction: enforce
policies:
  - name: install-compliance-operator
    manifests:
      - path: compliance-operator.yaml
----

> The last file that is required is the `kustomization.yaml` file. The following configuration is required in the `kustomization.yaml` file:

Reviewer 3: Can probably shorten this to "The last required filed is..., which requires the following configuration:" or similar

Author: Updated

                apiVersion: v1
                kind: Namespace
                metadata:
                  name: openshift-compliance
            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
                kind: Subscription
                metadata:
                  name: compliance-operator
                  namespace: openshift-compliance
                spec:
                  channel: release-0.1
                  name: compliance-operator
                  source: redhat-operators
                  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
            - complianceType: musthave
              objectDefinition:
                apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
                kind: OperatorGroup
                metadata:
                  name: compliance-operator
                  namespace: openshift-compliance
                spec:
                  targetNamespaces:
                    - compliance-operator
          remediationAction: enforce
          severity: low
----

[#policy-gen-install-on-openshift-gitops]
== Installing the policy generator on OpenShift GitOps (ArgoCD)

> OpenShift GitOps, based on link:https://argoproj.github.io/argo-cd/[ArgoCD], can also be used to generate policies using the policy generator through GitOps. Since the policy generator does not come preinstalled in the OpenShift GitOps container image, some customization must take place. In order to follow along, you must have the OpenShift GitOps Operator installed on the {product-title-short} hub cluster and be sure to log into the hub cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OpenShift GitOps, based on link:https://argoproj.github.io/argo-cd/[ArgoCD], can also be used to generate policies by using the policy generator through GitOps. Since the policy generator does not come preinstalled in the OpenShift GitOps container image, some customization must take place. In order to follow along, you must have the OpenShift GitOps Operator installed on the {product-title-short} hub cluster and be sure to log into the hub cluster.
```

Author: Updated

> In order for OpenShift GitOps to have access to the policy generator when you run Kustomize, an Init Container is required to copy the policy generator binary from the {product-title-short} Application Subscription container image to the OpenShift GitOps container. Additionally, OpenShift GitOps must be configured to provide the `--enable-alpha-plugins` flag when you run Kustomize. Start editing the OpenShift GitOps `argocd` object with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order for OpenShift GitOps to have access to the policy generator when you run Kustomize, an Init Container is required to copy the policy generator binary from the {product-title-short} Application Subscription container image to the OpenShift GitOps container. Additionally, OpenShift GitOps must be configured to provide the `--enable-alpha-plugins` flag when it runs Kustomize. Start editing the OpenShift GitOps `argocd` object with the following command:
```

Author: updated

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: openshift-gitops
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  kustomizeBuildOptions: --enable-alpha-plugins
  repo:
    env:
    - name: KUSTOMIZE_PLUGIN_HOME
      value: /etc/kustomize/plugin
    initContainers:
    - args:
      - -c
      - cp /etc/kustomize/plugin/policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1/policygenerator/PolicyGenerator
        /policy-generator/PolicyGenerator
      command:
      - /bin/bash
      image: registry.redhat.io/rhacm2/multicluster-operators-subscription-rhel8:v<version>
      name: policy-generator-install
      volumeMounts:
      - mountPath: /policy-generator
        name: policy-generator
    volumeMounts:
    - mountPath: /etc/kustomize/plugin/policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1/policygenerator
      name: policy-generator
    volumes:
    - emptyDir: {}
      name: policy-generator
----

> Now that OpenShift GitOps can use the policy generator, OpenShift GitOps must be granted access to create policies on the {product-title-short} hub cluster. Create the following `ClusterRole` resource called `openshift-gitops-policy-admin`, with access to create, read, update, and delete policies and placements. Your `ClusterRole` might resemble the following example:

Reviewer 2: This text and below in the section is generic to deploying ACM policies using OpenShift GitOps and isn't particular to the Policy Generator. I would suggest not duplicating the content but rather point to the section that is about being able to deploy policies using OpenShift GitOps.

Author: it seems like i should remove the following statement:

Create the following `ClusterRole` resource called `openshift-gitops-policy-admin`, with access to create, read, update, and delete policies and placements. Your `ClusterRole` might resemble the following example: <plus the YAML contents>

Since i moved related resources to the end of the file, I recommend that we add a reference link to the topic: Deploying policies using GitOps

Author: Updated

    resources:
      - policies
      - placementbindings
  - verbs:
      - get
      - list
      - watch
      - create
      - update
      - patch
      - delete
    apiGroups:
      - apps.open-cluster-management.io
    resources:
      - placementrules
  - verbs:
      - get
      - list
      - watch
      - create
      - update
      - patch
      - delete
    apiGroups:
      - cluster.open-cluster-management.io
    resources:
      - placements
      - placements/status
      - placementdecisions
      - placementdecisions/status
----

Additionally, create a `ClusterRoleBinding` object to grant the OpenShift GitOps service account access to the `openshift-gitops-policy-admin` `ClusterRole`. Your `ClusterRoleBinding` might resemble the following resource:

[source,yaml]
----
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: openshift-gitops-argocd-application-controller
    namespace: openshift-gitops
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

[manage-policy-definitions]

> === Managing policy definitions with OpenShift GitOps (Argo CD)

Reviewer 2: This needs to be separate from the Policy Generator documentation. Some users will deploy ACM policies without  the Policy Generator and still use OpenShift GitOps/ArgoCD and we need to document that.

Author: updated

> === Managing policy definitions with OpenShift GitOps (Argo CD)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Managing policy definitions with OpenShift GitOps (ArgoCD)
```

    apiGroups:
      - policy.open-cluster-management.io
    resources:
      - policies
      - placementbindings
  - verbs:
      - get
      - list
      - watch
      - create
      - update
      - patch
      - delete
    apiGroups:
      - apps.open-cluster-management.io
    resources:
      - placementrules
  - verbs:
      - get
      - list
      - watch
      - create
      - update
      - patch
      - delete
    apiGroups:
      - cluster.open-cluster-management.io
    resources:
      - placements
      - placements/status
      - placementdecisions
      - placementdecisions/status
----

Create a `ClusterRoleBinding` object to grant the OpenShift GitOps service account access to the `openshift-gitops-policy-admin` `ClusterRole` object. Your `ClusterRoleBinding` might resemble the following example:

[source,yaml]
----
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: openshift-gitops-argocd-application-controller
    namespace: openshift-gitops
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

> When a {product-title-short} policy definition is deployed with OpenShift GitOps, a copy of the policy is created in each managed cluster namespace. These copies are called replicated policies. For OpenShift GitOps to not constantly delete this replicated policy or show that the ArgoCD `Application` is out of sync, the `argocd.argoproj.io/compare-options: IgnoreExtraneous` annotation must be set on each {product-title-short} policy definition deployed using OpenShift GitOps.

Reviewer 3: For the second sentence I recommend something like:

To prevent OpenShift GitOps from consistently/repeatedly deleting this replicated policy or showing the ArgoCD as out of sync...

Author: updated
